and the Lord spoke to Moses go to
Pharaoh and say to him thus says the
Lord let my people go that they may
serve me but if you refuse to let them
go behold I will smite all your
territory with frogs so the river shall
bring forth frogs abundantly which shall
go up and come into your house into your
bedroom on your bed into the houses of
your servants on your people into your
ovens and into your kneading boats and
the frogs shall come upon you on your
people and on all your servants say to
aaron stretch out your hand with your
rod over the streams over the rivers and
over the ponds and cause frogs to come
up on the land of Egypt so Aaron
stretched out his hand over the waters
of Egypt and the frogs came up and
covered the landing
magicians did so with their enchantments
and brought up subs on the land of Egypt
then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron
and three-d-- the Lord that he may take
away the frogs from me and my people and
I will let the people know that they may
sacrifice to the Lord accept the honor
of saying when I shall intercede for
your servants and for your people to
destroy the frogs from you and your
houses that they may remain in the river
only tomorrow
let it be according to your word that
you may know that there is no one like
the Lord our God and the frogs shall
depart from you from your houses from
your servants and from your people they
shall remain in the river Oh
[Music]
then Moses and Aaron went out some
Pharaoh and Moses cried out to the Lord
concerning the frogs which he had
brought against ferry so the Lord did
according to the word of Moses and the
frogs died out of the houses out of the
courtyards and out of the fields they
gathered them together in heaps and the
land stack
but when Farah saw that there was relief
he hardened his heart and did not heed
them as the Lord had said
so the Lord said to Moses say to Aaron
stretch out your rod and strike the dust
of the land so that it may become lice
throughout all the land of Egypt and
they did so for Aaron stretched out his
hand with his rod and struck the dust of
the earth and it became lice on man and
beast all the dust of the land became
lice throughout all the land of Egypt
now the magician so worked with their
enchantments to bring forth lice but
they could so there were lice on man and
beast then the magician said to Pharaoh
this is the finger of God but Pharaoh's
heart grew hard and he did not heat them
just as the Lord had said
and the Lord said to Moses rise early in
the morning and stand before Pharaoh as
he comes out to the water then say to
him thus says the Lord let my people go
that they may serve me or else if you
will not let my people go
behold I will send swarms of flies on
you and your servants on your people and
into your houses the houses of the
Egyptians shall be full of swarms of
flies and also the ground on which they
stand and in that day I will set apart
the land of Goshen in which my people
dwell that no swarms of flies shall be
there in order that you may know that I
am the Lord in the midst of the land I
will make a difference between my people
and your people tomorrow this son shall
be
and the Lord did sir Vic swarms of flies
came into the house of Pharaoh into his
servants houses and into all the land of
Egypt the land was corrupted because of
the swarms of flies Pharaoh called for
Moses America go sacrifice to your God
in the land but Moses said to him it is
not right to do so for we would be
sacrificing the abomination of the
Egyptians to the Lord our God if we
sacrifice the abomination of the
Egyptians before their eyes then will
they not stone us we will go three days
journey into the wilderness and
sacrifice to the Lord our God as he will
command us I will let you go that you
may sacrifice to the Lord your God in
the wilderness only you shall not go
very far away
it's a seed for me you need I am going
out from is what I will entreat the Lord
that the swarms of flies may depart
tomorrow from Pharaoh from his servants
and from his people but let Pharaoh not
deal deceitfully anymore in not letting
the people go to sacrifice to the Lord
so Moses went out from Pharaoh and
entreated the Lord and the Lord did
according to the word of Moses he
removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh
but discerns and from his people not one
remained but Pharaoh hardened his heart
at this time also neither would he let
the people girl
you